Appendix_meta_rules fast review (#80)
SigmaHQ/sigma-specification: appendix_meta_rules.md

## Type of rules
### Correlation rules

The purpose is to cover a detection like:

> * X invalid login alerts on an unique host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* X invalid login alerts on a unique host
```

An inclusion can be defined by setting the action attribute to include.  
All rules contained in the referenced file are handled as if they were defined in the including file.

###  Filter rules

> The purpose of Filter rules is to cover the same tuning for many rules. They are used to suppress matches of multiple rules. This is most commonly useful for environment specific tuning where a false positive prone application is used in an organization and it's false positives are accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of Filter rules is to apply the same tuning on many rules with the goal to suppress matches of multiple rules. This is most commonly useful for environment specific tuning where a false positive prone application is used in an organization and its false positives are accepted.
```

**Attribute:** rules

Refers to one or multiple Sigma or Correlations rules.
Allowing the user to chain multiple correlations together.

> A rule can be referred to by the `id` of a sigma rule.
> 
> Latter is a human-readable name and improves the readability of correlation rules.
> In this case, the tool must be able to manage the human-to-id correspondence automatically.

Reviewer: `Latter`? What does it reference? The name field is not introduced before.

```suggestion
A rule can be referred to by the `id` or `name` of a sigma rule.

`name` is a unique human-readable name and improves the readability of correlation rules.
In this case, the tool must be able to manage the human-to-id translation automatically and the referenced rule name has to be defined in the respective rule.
```

At least that's how I understood this the last time we talked about the topic. Can you verify @thomaspatzke ?

```yaml
title: login brute force
id: 0e95725d-7320-415d-80f7-004da920fc11
action: correlation
rules:
    - 5638f7c0-ac70-491d-8465-2a65075e0d86 # ID of the low firewall rule for action: block

>     - firewall_block  # the internal tools have a lookup table to the correct rule id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - firewall_block  # The internal tools have a lookup table to the correct rule `id` by `name`
```

ordered: true
```

> Nota:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note:
```

> Even if the rule many_failed_logins use a grouping by the "ComputerName" field,the correlation rule only use it own `group-by` "User".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if the rule many_failed_logins groups by the "ComputerName" field, the correlation rule only uses its own `group-by` "User".
```

filename: other_sigma_rule.yml
```

> # Filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Suppression Filter
```
Just an idea for discussion. We already use the word filter for negative matches inside rules. To be able to address the filters by name, we could use "inline filter" and "suppression filter" to clarify if one means a specific one. Saying "filter" in general when the location doesn't matter in the discussion will also be fine but I think sometimes you want to be more specific.

If accepted, I will make changes in more locations, of course.
